Protagonists
- Definia - AI of Aegis Station
- Hannah Blake - Human Female.  Marksman.  Genetic enhancements to proprioception and agility.  Technological enhancements to vision, skeletal and muscular structure.  She custom built a pair of blasters to work with her particular enhancements.  One is called Pride and the other is called Prejudice after an ancient work of fiction from Earth.  She is not originally from the Holtax Nebula, but she came to the Nebula for reasons that she is extremely secretive about.  She is about 25 standard years old.
- Dax Rendar - Human Female.  Engineer.  Genetic enhancements to intelligence.  Technological enhancements to neural control capabilities and possession of a highly advanced neural link.  Dax’s parents were brilliant designers of machines.  Their work was so highly sought after that it ended up getting them killed.  Their last act was to ensure Dax’s escape. They uploaded all of their work into her neural link.  She lived in the dark alleys of Aegis Station after their passing, but she continued their work.  She learned from their mistake though.  She didn’t sell what she made.  She scavenged and stole, but she kept what she made for herself.  That primarily included her battle mech suit.  She fully intends to one day find her parents’ killer and return the favor.  She is 16 years old and was orphaned at the age of 9.
- Raine - Zeldon Male. Light Blade.  No one really believes that Raine is his real name, but he has always refused to give another.  As a Zeldon, he has genetic enhancements to his appearance and also to allow him to touch the spark of magic.  He attended a Zeldon magical academy where he trained as a Light Blade.  As might be expected, Light Blades can conjure a blade of magical light in their hands.  They also use their magic to move with extreme alacrity.  Raine is approximately 30 standard years old, but even that is something he doesn’t like to admit to.
- Kle-atath (shortened to Klea) - Kurath Female.  Berserker.  Klea is roughly 25 standard years old, but where she was raised, they did not track time in standard years, so she is a little fuzzy on what her exact age would be.  Genetic enhancements to speed and strength.  Technological enhancement to her durability as well as healing through regular nanobot injections. 
- Calypso - The AI of the light freighter Kestrel

Antagonists
- Captain Sardoth - Pirate Captain
- Lt. Elsar - Captain Sardoth's first officer
