In the distant future, humans are one of many species coexisting in a galactic society.  Most species have leaned heavily into AI and body augmentation in order to stay competitive.  Through technology and genetic modification, many species have also unlocked the potential to wield powers akin to magic.  This book takes place in the largely human dominated space of the Holtax Nebula.  There are a handful of populated systems in the Nebula, and a massive space station, Aegis Station, acts as the primary political and commercial hub for the Nebula.  There is little in the way of central government among the populated systems of the Nebula, but they have agreed to an alliance against internal aggression and external threat.  However, barring an actual invasion, the systems seem mostly content to police their own space and the let the other systems do the same.  

The space between the systems unfortunately has become a hotbed for pirate attacks as of late.  While some of the systems would like to commit resources to combat the piracy, others see it as a futile effort with a high cost and little chance of success.  In the end, they choose to do nothing and rely on insurance to cover their losses.  The system governments may have written off those crews, but one entity is unwilling to make such a sacrifice.  The primary AI of Aegis Station, Definia, believes a properly motivated group of individuals may be able to succeed where fleets cannot.

Species
- Humans
- Kurath - Humanoid with a wolf like appearance.  They have one less finger and toe on each side than humans do but have sizable claws they can extend.  They are typically taller than humans and have the ability to see into the infrared spectrum.  They are largely martial focused and seldom select for magical traits.
- Zeldon - Very similar to humans but typically skinnier and fairer skinned.  They are heavily into genetic modification so are often beautiful and magically inclined.
- Berrot - An insect like race that will share a hive mind when in close proximity.  They range in size from as small as a mouse to as large as a humpback whale.  They are cunning and intelligent.  They typically don’t get along well with other species, but there are outliers who will work with non-Berrot.
